README.md, before:

# Challenge Bypass Extension

The Privacy Pass extension allows a user to bypass internet challenge pages on websites supporting Privacy Pass using a 'blind signature' protocol. This extension alleviates the burden of completing large numbers of internet challenges (such as CAPTCHAs) for honest users by allowing tokens to be gained for an initial solution. These tokens can be spent by the extension when future challenges are displayed to prevent human interaction. The 'blind' capability of the protocol that we use means that tokens that are issued by a server cannot be linked to tokens that are later redeemed. An example server implementation that is compatible with this extension is available [here](https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-server).

The protocol we use is based on a realization of a 'Verifiable, Oblivious Pseudorandom Function' (VOPRF) first established by [Jarecki et al.](https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/650.pdf). For a technical description of the protocol see the [PROTOCOL.md](docs/PROTOCOL.md). 

The protocol has received extensive review and testing, but this extension is a work in progress and we regard all components as beta releases. We welcome contributions from the wider community, and also feel free to notify us of any issues that occur. Pull requests and reviews of the extension detailed here are welcome and encouraged.

Privacy Pass is currently supported by Cloudflare to allow users to redeem validly signed tokens instead of completing CAPTCHA solutions. Clients receive 30 signed tokens for each CAPTCHA that is initially solved.

The extension is compatible with [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/privacy-pass/ajhmfdgkijocedmfjonnpjfojldioehi) and [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/privacy-pass/) (v48+).

## Quickstart

```
git clone https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension.git && cd challenge-bypass-extension
yarn install
yarn build
yarn test
```

### Contents

  * [Stable releases](#stable-releases)
  * [Development](#development)
     * [Firefox](#firefox)
     * [Chrome](#chrome)
  * [Plugin overview](#plugin-overview)
	 * [Configuration](#configuration)
     * [Workflow](#workflow)
     * [Message formatting](#message-formatting)
        * [Issuance request](#issuance-request)
        * [Issue response](#issue-response)
        * [Redemption request (privacy pass)](#redemption-request-privacy-pass)
        * [Redemption response](#redemption-response)
  * [Integrating with Privacy Pass](integrating-with-privacy-pass)
  * [Team](#team)
  * [Design](#design)
  * [Cryptography](#cryptography)
  * [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
  * [FAQs](#faqs)

## Stable releases

Download the latest stable release of the extension:
- [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/privacy-pass/ajhmfdgkijocedmfjonnpjfojldioehi)
- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/privacy-pass/)

## Development

- `git clone https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension.git`
- To build a new version of the extension: `yarn build`.
- To run integration tests: `yarn test`.
- To prepare a new distribution: `yarn dist`.
- For linting: `yarn lint`
- To test in the browser see below.

### Firefox

- Open Firefox and go to `about:debugging`
- Click 'Load Temporary Add-on' button
- Select manifest.json from addon/
- Check extension logo appears in top-right corner and 0 passes are stored (by clicking on it)
- Go to a web page supporting Privacy Pass where internet challenges are displayed (e.g. https://captcha.website)
- Solve CAPTCHA and check that some passes are stored in the extension now
	- captcha.website cannot be bypassed (this is only for gaining passes)
- Go to a new website supporting Privacy Pass that ordinarily displays a challenge
- Check that the website is displayed correctly without human interaction (more than one pass may be spent)
	- No interaction with a CAPTCHA page should occur, for instance

### Chrome

Same as above, except the extension should be loaded at `chrome://extensions` instead.

## Plugin overview

The following script files are used for the workflow of Privacy Pass and are found in `addon/scripts`. They are compiled into a single file (`compiled/bg_compiled.js`) that is then loaded into the browser.

- listeners.js: Initialises the listener functions that are used for the webRequest and webNavigation frameworks.

- background.js: Determines the bulk of the browser-based workflow for Privacy Pass. Decides whether to initiate the token issuance and redemption phases of the protocols.

- browserUtils.js: General utility functions that are used by background.js. We separate them so that we separate the specific browser API calls from the actual workflow.

- config.js: Config file that decides the workflow for Privacy Pass

- content.js: (currently unused) Content script for reading page html

- token.js: Constructs issuance and redemption requests (i.e. privacy passes) from stored blinded tokens

- crypto.js: Wrapper for performing various cryptographic operations required for manipulating tokens

- sjcl.js: Local copy of SJCL library

- keccak.js: Local implementation of the Keccak hash function (taken from <https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/keccak>).

Files that are used for testing are found in `test/`. These test files use their own compiled test file in `compiled/test_compiled.js`.

In the following we may use 'pass' or 'token' interchangeably. In short, a token refers to the random nonce that is blind signed by the edge. A pass refers to the object that the extension sends to the edge in order to bypass an internet challenge. We will safely assume throughout that challenges manifest themselves as CAPTCHAs

### Configuration

The configuration of Privacy Pass is now determined by the values set in config.js. We have provided an example configuration, along with one that is used for bypassing Cloudflare CAPTCHAs. Integrating with Privacy Pass essentially amounts to writing a new configuration. We provide documentation of each of the config options in [CONFIG.md](docs/CONFIG.md).

### Workflow

We describe a generic workflow where a user attempts to visit multiple webpages protected by proof-of-work challenges (assume CAPTCHAs) supplied by an edge server.

- **edge**: protects origin webpages from malicious activity
- **user/client**: human interacting with a browser
- **plugin**: acts on behalf of user in interaction with edge
- **(blinded) token**: Random EC point that is 'signed' by the edge
- **pass**: redemption request containing token for bypassing CAPTCHA

- Issuing:
	- Browser requests an origin protected by the edge
	- Browser arrives at challenge page (aka CAPTCHA) provided by the edge
	- User solves CAPTCHA
	- User sends CAPTCHA solution back to the edge
	- Browser plugin generates tokens (currently 30) and cryptographically blinds them
	- The plugin adds an ['issue request'](#issuance-request) to the body of the request before it is sent
	- The edge verifies the CAPTCHA solution and signs the tokens before returning them back to the client in the form of a ['issue response'](#issue-response)
	- The plugin disassembles and unblinds the response and stores the signed tokens for future use. It also reloads the origin webpage and gains access (e.g. sending a pass containing the token as below or a single-domain cookie given by the edge)

- Redemption:
	- User visits an origin and a CAPTCHA page is returned
	- The plugin catches the response and gets an unspent blinded token and signature from the store and creates a ['privacy pass'](#redemption-request) 
	- The plugin sets up a new HTTP request with a header `challenge-bypass-token`; with the value set to the value of the pass
	- The edge verifies the redemption request and checks that the pass has not been used before
	- If all is fine, the edge grants the user access to the origin

### Message formatting

We provide a brief overview of the message types that are sent and received by this plugin. These messages are sent in base64 encoding and either within HTTP bodies or within specific headers. In the following `||` will denote concatenation.

#### Issuance request

JSON struct used for sending blinded tokens to be signed by the edge, this message is appended to the body of a request holding a CAPTCHA solution.

- `<blind-token>` is a randomly sampled, blinded elliptic curve point (this point is sent in compressed format as defined in Section 2.3.3 of http://www.secg.org/sec1-v2.pdf). The blind is also randomly sampled with respect to the same group.

- `<contents>` is an array of N `<blind-token>` objects.

- `<Issue-JSON-struct>`:

	```
	{
		"type": "Issue",
		"contents": "<contents>",
	}
	```

- Body contents:
	
	`"blinded-tokens=" || base64.encode(<Issue-JSON-struct>)`

#### Issue response

A response string that is appended to the response body by the edge after a valid CAPTCHA is submitted. Contains signed points that can be used for redemptions in the future and the DLEQ proof for verification.

- `<signed-tokens>` is an array of compressed elliptic curve point, as above, that have been 'signed' by the edge. In the VOPRF model the 'signed' point is essentially a commitment to the edge's private key

- `<proof>` is a base64 encoded JSON struct containing the necessary information for carrying out a DLEQ proof verification. In particular it contains response values `R` and `C` for verifying that the key used in signing is the same as the key stored in the commitment files. See [PROTOCOL.md](docs/PROTOCOL.md) for more details.

- `<batch-proof>` is a base64 encoded JSON struct of the form:<sup>2</sup>

	```
	{
		"proof":"<proof>",
	}
	```

- `<version-string>` is a string determining which version of commitments to use.

<sup>2</sup> Other [VRF implementations](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-goldbe-vrf/?include_text=1) use different notation to us. We have tried to coincide as much as possible with these works.

- `<Batch-DLEQ-Resp>`:
	
	`"batch-proof=" || <batch-proof>` 

- Issue response:
	
	- __Deprecated format__: Marshaled array used for sending signed tokens back to the user of the form:
		```
		"signatures=" || <signed-tokens> || <Batch-DLEQ-Resp>
		```
		This will be phased out in the near future

	- __New format__: JSON struct of the form: 

		```
		{
			sigs: <signed-tokens>,
			proof: <batch-proof>,
			version: <version-string>
		}
		```

#### Redemption request (privacy pass)

JSON struct sent in a request header to bypass CAPTCHA pages.

- `<token>` is an original token generated by the plugin before.

- `<shared-point>` is the corresponding unblinded, signed point received from the edge. This point is SEC1 encoded.

- `<host>` is the contents of the host header of the original request.

- `<path>` is the HTTP path of the original request.

- `HMAC()` is a HMAC function that uses SHA256 as underlying hash function

- `<derived-key>` is the derived key (computed over `<data> = (<token> || <shared-point>)`) output by:
	
	`HMAC("hash_derive_key", <data>)`

- `<request-binding>` is the output (computed over `<data> = (<derived-key> || <host> || <path>)`) of the following:

	`HMAC("hash_request_binding", <data>)`

- `<Redeem-JSON-struct>` (or privacy pass):

	```
	{
		"type":"Redeem",
		"contents":"<request-binding>"
	}
	```

- Header:

	`"challenge-bypass-token":"<Redeem-JSON-struct>"`


#### Redemption response

Server response header used if errors occur when verifying the privacy pass.

- `<error-resp>` is the error value returned by the privacy pass verifier. Takes the value 5 or 6, where 5 is an edge-side connection error and 6 is a pass verification error.

- Header: 

	`"CF-Chl-Bypass-Resp":"<error-resp>"`

## Integrating with Privacy Pass

Privacy Pass is completely open-source, integrations can be handled by writing a new config to be placed in config.js. See [Configuration](#configuration) for more details.

## Team

- [Alex Davidson](https://alxdavids.xyz)
- [Ian Goldberg](https://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~iang/)
- [Nick Sullivan](https://github.com/grittygrease)
- [George Tankersley](https://gtank.cc)
- [Filippo Valsorda](https://github.com/filosottile)

## Design

- [Eric Tsai](https://github.com/eetom)

## Cryptography

Cryptography is implemented using the elliptic-curve library [SJCL](https://github.com/bitwiseshiftleft/sjcl) and compression of points is done in accordance with the standard SEC1. This work uses the NIST standard P256 elliptic curve for performing operations. Third-party implementers should note that the outputs of the hash-to-curve, key derivation, and point encoding functions must match their Go equivalents exactly for interaction with our server implementation. More information about this will be provided when the edge implementation is open-sourced.

## Acknowledgements

The creation of Privacy Pass has been a joint effort by the team made up of George Tankersley, Ian Goldberg, Nick Sullivan, Filippo Valsorda and myself.

We would also like to thank Eric Tsai for creating the logo and extension design, Dan Boneh for helping us develop key parts of the protocol, as well as Peter Wu and Blake Loring for their helpful code reviews. We would also like to acknowledge Sharon Goldberg, Christopher Wood, Peter Eckersley, Brian Warner, Zaki Manian, Tony Arcieri, Prateek Mittal, Zhuotao Liu, Isis Lovecruft, Henry de Valence, Mike Perry, Trevor Perrin, Zi Lin, Justin Paine, Marek Majkowski, Eoin Brady, Aaran McGuire, and many others who were involved in one way or another and whose efforts are appreciated.

## FAQs

### What do I have to do to acquire new passes?

* Click "Get More Passes" in the extension pop-up (or navigate to "https://captcha.website").
* Solve the CAPTCHA that is presented on the webpage
* Your extension should be populated with new passes.

### Are passes stored after a browser restart?

Depending on your browser settings, the local storage of your browser may be cleared when it is restarted. Privacy Pass stores passes in local storage and so these will also be cleared. This behavior may also be observed if you clear out the cache of your browser.

Commit message:

Move to using sjcl as a submodule

README.md, after:

# Challenge Bypass Extension

The Privacy Pass extension allows a user to bypass internet challenge pages on websites supporting Privacy Pass using a 'blind signature' protocol. This extension alleviates the burden of completing large numbers of internet challenges (such as CAPTCHAs) for honest users by allowing tokens to be gained for an initial solution. These tokens can be spent by the extension when future challenges are displayed to prevent human interaction. The 'blind' capability of the protocol that we use means that tokens that are issued by a server cannot be linked to tokens that are later redeemed. An example server implementation that is compatible with this extension is available [here](https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-server).

The protocol we use is based on a realization of a 'Verifiable, Oblivious Pseudorandom Function' (VOPRF) first established by [Jarecki et al.](https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/650.pdf). For a technical description of the protocol see the [PROTOCOL.md](docs/PROTOCOL.md). All cryptography is implemented using the Stanford Javascript Cryptography Library (sjcl).

The protocol has received extensive review and testing, but this extension is a work in progress and we regard all components as beta releases. We welcome contributions from the wider community, and also feel free to notify us of any issues that occur. Pull requests and reviews of the extension detailed here are welcome and encouraged.

Privacy Pass is currently supported by Cloudflare to allow users to redeem validly signed tokens instead of completing CAPTCHA solutions. Clients receive 30 signed tokens for each CAPTCHA that is initially solved.

The extension is compatible with [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/privacy-pass/ajhmfdgkijocedmfjonnpjfojldioehi) and [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/privacy-pass/) (v48+).

## Quickstart
**Requires installation of a [JDK](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html) for building sjcl**
```
git clone https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension.git && cd challenge-bypass-extension
yarn install
yarn build:all
yarn test:all
```

### Contents

  * [Stable releases](#stable-releases)
  * [Development](#development)
     * [Firefox](#firefox)
     * [Chrome](#chrome)
  * [Plugin overview](#plugin-overview)
	 * [Configuration](#configuration)
     * [Workflow](#workflow)
     * [Message formatting](#message-formatting)
        * [Issuance request](#issuance-request)
        * [Issue response](#issue-response)
        * [Redemption request (privacy pass)](#redemption-request-privacy-pass)
        * [Redemption response](#redemption-response)
  * [Integrating with Privacy Pass](integrating-with-privacy-pass)
  * [Team](#team)
  * [Design](#design)
  * [Cryptography](#cryptography)
  * [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
  * [FAQs](#faqs)

## Stable releases

Download the latest stable release of the extension:
- [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/privacy-pass/ajhmfdgkijocedmfjonnpjfojldioehi)
- [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/privacy-pass/)

## Development

- `git clone https://github.com/privacypass/challenge-bypass-extension.git`
- `git submodule update --init`
- Directory:
	- `src`: The source files that are used for establishing the extension
		- `ext`: Source files that are specific to the extension
		- `crypto`: External source files that provide cryptographic functionality
			- `sjcl`: sjcl submodule
			- `keccak`: Browserified implementation of Keccak taken from <https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/keccak>
	- `addon`: Extension directory
	- `test`: Test scripts for using the jest integration test framework
	- `docs`: Documentation
- Commands:
	- `yarn install`: Installs all dependencies
	- `build:all`: Builds all source files (including sjcl) and compiles them (using closure) into bg_compiled.js
	- `test:all`: Compiles all source files, excluding `browserUtils.js`, and compiles them (using closure) into test_compiled.js. Runs sjcl tests and the jest test framework for the extension
	- `build:ext`: Builds all extension source files and compiles them (using closure) into bg_compiled.js
	- `test:ext`: Builds all extension source files, excluding `browserUtils.js`, and compiles them (using closure) into bg_compiled.js. Runs the jest test framework for the extension
	- `test:ext-quick`: Runs the jest test framework for the extension
	- `build:sjcl`: Builds sjcl
	- `test:sjcl`: Runs the sjcl tests
	- `test:watch`: Runs test:all using the jest --watch flag.
	- `lint`: Lints the source files
	- `dist`: Zips the extension files

### Firefox

- Open Firefox and go to `about:debugging`
- Click 'Load Temporary Add-on' button
- Select manifest.json from addon/
- Check extension logo appears in top-right corner and 0 passes are stored (by clicking on it)
- Go to a web page supporting Privacy Pass where internet challenges are displayed (e.g. https://captcha.website)
- Solve CAPTCHA and check that some passes are stored in the extension now
	- captcha.website cannot be bypassed (this is only for gaining passes)
- Go to a new website supporting Privacy Pass that ordinarily displays a challenge
- Check that the website is displayed correctly without human interaction (more than one pass may be spent)
	- No interaction with a CAPTCHA page should occur, for instance

### Chrome

Same as above, except the extension should be loaded at `chrome://extensions` instead.

## Plugin overview

The following script files are used for the workflow of Privacy Pass and are found in `addon/scripts`. They are compiled into a single file (`compiled/bg_compiled.js`) that is then loaded into the browser.

- listeners.js: Initialises the listener functions that are used for the webRequest and webNavigation frameworks.

- background.js: Determines the bulk of the browser-based workflow for Privacy Pass. Decides whether to initiate the token issuance and redemption phases of the protocols.

- browserUtils.js: General utility functions that are used by background.js. We separate them so that we separate the specific browser API calls from the actual workflow.

- config.js: Config file that decides the workflow for Privacy Pass

- content.js: (currently unused) Content script for reading page html

- token.js: Constructs issuance and redemption requests (i.e. privacy passes) from stored blinded tokens

- crypto.js: Wrapper for performing various cryptographic operations required for manipulating tokens

- sjcl.js: Local copy of SJCL library

- keccak.js: Local implementation of the Keccak hash function (taken from <https://github.com/cryptocoinjs/keccak>).

Files that are used for testing are found in `test/`. These test files use their own compiled test file in `compiled/test_compiled.js`.

In the following we may use 'pass' or 'token' interchangeably. In short, a token refers to the random nonce that is blind signed by the edge. A pass refers to the object that the extension sends to the edge in order to bypass an internet challenge. We will safely assume throughout that challenges manifest themselves as CAPTCHAs

### Configuration

The configuration of Privacy Pass is now determined by the values set in config.js. We have provided an example configuration, along with one that is used for bypassing Cloudflare CAPTCHAs. Integrating with Privacy Pass essentially amounts to writing a new configuration. We provide documentation of each of the config options in [CONFIG.md](docs/CONFIG.md).

### Workflow

We describe a generic workflow where a user attempts to visit multiple webpages protected by proof-of-work challenges (assume CAPTCHAs) supplied by an edge server.

- **edge**: protects origin webpages from malicious activity
- **user/client**: human interacting with a browser
- **plugin**: acts on behalf of user in interaction with edge
- **(blinded) token**: Random EC point that is 'signed' by the edge
- **pass**: redemption request containing token for bypassing CAPTCHA

- Issuing:
	- Browser requests an origin protected by the edge
	- Browser arrives at challenge page (aka CAPTCHA) provided by the edge
	- User solves CAPTCHA
	- User sends CAPTCHA solution back to the edge
	- Browser plugin generates tokens (currently 30) and cryptographically blinds them
	- The plugin adds an ['issue request'](#issuance-request) to the body of the request before it is sent
	- The edge verifies the CAPTCHA solution and signs the tokens before returning them back to the client in the form of a ['issue response'](#issue-response)
	- The plugin disassembles and unblinds the response and stores the signed tokens for future use. It also reloads the origin webpage and gains access (e.g. sending a pass containing the token as below or a single-domain cookie given by the edge)

- Redemption:
	- User visits an origin and a CAPTCHA page is returned
	- The plugin catches the response and gets an unspent blinded token and signature from the store and creates a ['privacy pass'](#redemption-request) 
	- The plugin sets up a new HTTP request with a header `challenge-bypass-token`; with the value set to the value of the pass
	- The edge verifies the redemption request and checks that the pass has not been used before
	- If all is fine, the edge grants the user access to the origin

### Message formatting

We provide a brief overview of the message types that are sent and received by this plugin. These messages are sent in base64 encoding and either within HTTP bodies or within specific headers. In the following `||` will denote concatenation.

#### Issuance request

JSON struct used for sending blinded tokens to be signed by the edge, this message is appended to the body of a request holding a CAPTCHA solution.

- `<blind-token>` is a randomly sampled, blinded elliptic curve point (this point is sent in compressed format as defined in Section 2.3.3 of http://www.secg.org/sec1-v2.pdf). The blind is also randomly sampled with respect to the same group.

- `<contents>` is an array of N `<blind-token>` objects.

- `<Issue-JSON-struct>`:

	```
	{
		"type": "Issue",
		"contents": "<contents>",
	}
	```

- Body contents:
	
	`"blinded-tokens=" || base64.encode(<Issue-JSON-struct>)`

#### Issue response

A response string that is appended to the response body by the edge after a valid CAPTCHA is submitted. Contains signed points that can be used for redemptions in the future and the DLEQ proof for verification.

- `<signed-tokens>` is an array of compressed elliptic curve point, as above, that have been 'signed' by the edge. In the VOPRF model the 'signed' point is essentially a commitment to the edge's private key

- `<proof>` is a base64 encoded JSON struct containing the necessary information for carrying out a DLEQ proof verification. In particular it contains response values `R` and `C` for verifying that the key used in signing is the same as the key stored in the commitment files. See [PROTOCOL.md](docs/PROTOCOL.md) for more details.

- `<batch-proof>` is a base64 encoded JSON struct of the form:<sup>2</sup>

	```
	{
		"proof":"<proof>",
	}
	```

- `<version-string>` is a string determining which version of commitments to use.

<sup>2</sup> Other [VRF implementations](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-goldbe-vrf/?include_text=1) use different notation to us. We have tried to coincide as much as possible with these works.

- `<Batch-DLEQ-Resp>`:
	
	`"batch-proof=" || <batch-proof>` 

- Issue response:
	
	- __Deprecated format__: Marshaled array used for sending signed tokens back to the user of the form:
		```
		"signatures=" || <signed-tokens> || <Batch-DLEQ-Resp>
		```
		This will be phased out in the near future

	- __New format__: JSON struct of the form: 

		```
		{
			sigs: <signed-tokens>,
			proof: <batch-proof>,
			version: <version-string>
		}
		```

#### Redemption request (privacy pass)

JSON struct sent in a request header to bypass CAPTCHA pages.

- `<token>` is an original token generated by the plugin before.

- `<shared-point>` is the corresponding unblinded, signed point received from the edge. This point is SEC1 encoded.

- `<host>` is the contents of the host header of the original request.

- `<path>` is the HTTP path of the original request.

- `HMAC()` is a HMAC function that uses SHA256 as underlying hash function

- `<derived-key>` is the derived key (computed over `<data> = (<token> || <shared-point>)`) output by:
	
	`HMAC("hash_derive_key", <data>)`

- `<request-binding>` is the output (computed over `<data> = (<derived-key> || <host> || <path>)`) of the following:

	`HMAC("hash_request_binding", <data>)`

- `<Redeem-JSON-struct>` (or privacy pass):

	```
	{
		"type":"Redeem",
		"contents":"<request-binding>"
	}
	```

- Header:

	`"challenge-bypass-token":"<Redeem-JSON-struct>"`


#### Redemption response

Server response header used if errors occur when verifying the privacy pass.

- `<error-resp>` is the error value returned by the privacy pass verifier. Takes the value 5 or 6, where 5 is an edge-side connection error and 6 is a pass verification error.

- Header: 

	`"CF-Chl-Bypass-Resp":"<error-resp>"`

## Integrating with Privacy Pass

Privacy Pass is completely open-source, integrations can be handled by writing a new config to be placed in config.js. See [Configuration](#configuration) for more details.

## Team

- [Alex Davidson](https://alxdavids.xyz)
- [Ian Goldberg](https://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~iang/)
- [Nick Sullivan](https://github.com/grittygrease)
- [George Tankersley](https://gtank.cc)
- [Filippo Valsorda](https://github.com/filosottile)

## Design

- [Eric Tsai](https://github.com/eetom)

## Cryptography

Cryptography is implemented using the elliptic-curve library [SJCL](https://github.com/bitwiseshiftleft/sjcl) and compression of points is done in accordance with the standard SEC1. This work uses the NIST standard P256 elliptic curve for performing operations. Third-party implementers should note that the outputs of the hash-to-curve, key derivation, and point encoding functions must match their Go equivalents exactly for interaction with our server implementation. More information about this will be provided when the edge implementation is open-sourced.

## Acknowledgements

The creation of Privacy Pass has been a joint effort by the team made up of George Tankersley, Ian Goldberg, Nick Sullivan, Filippo Valsorda and myself.

We would also like to thank Eric Tsai for creating the logo and extension design, Dan Boneh for helping us develop key parts of the protocol, as well as Peter Wu and Blake Loring for their helpful code reviews. We would also like to acknowledge Sharon Goldberg, Christopher Wood, Peter Eckersley, Brian Warner, Zaki Manian, Tony Arcieri, Prateek Mittal, Zhuotao Liu, Isis Lovecruft, Henry de Valence, Mike Perry, Trevor Perrin, Zi Lin, Justin Paine, Marek Majkowski, Eoin Brady, Aaran McGuire, and many others who were involved in one way or another and whose efforts are appreciated.

## FAQs

### What do I have to do to acquire new passes?

* Click "Get More Passes" in the extension pop-up (or navigate to "https://captcha.website").
* Solve the CAPTCHA that is presented on the webpage
* Your extension should be populated with new passes.

### Are passes stored after a browser restart?

Depending on your browser settings, the local storage of your browser may be cleared when it is restarted. Privacy Pass stores passes in local storage and so these will also be cleared. This behavior may also be observed if you clear out the cache of your browser.
