docs/CONFIG.md, before:

# Privacy Pass configuration

Privacy Pass uses cryptographic tokens to bypass internet challenges from
certain providers. In this doc, we discuss the configuration file that Privacy
Pass uses for interpreting when tokens should be sent for signing/redemption.
See `src/ext/config.js` for an example configuration `exampleConfig`
describing the correct format of the JSON struct.

## config.js

Holds the various configurations as JavaScript JSON structs for the providers
that Privacy Pass interacts with. Currently, only the Cloudflare and hCaptcha configs are
active. There is an example config. In the following we will highlight how each config
field is used.

### config\["id"\]

A unique identifier highlighting which config is used. Currently cfConfig.id =
1 and hcConfig.id = 2, all other configs must be added with unique "id" values.

### config\["sign"\]

A bool dictating whether Privacy Pass should send tokens for signing.

### config\["redeem"\]

A bool dictating whether Privacy Pass should send tokens for redemption.

### config\["max-spends"\]

The integer number of tokens that should be redeemed per host in each
interaction. This prevents Privacy Pass from repeatedly spending tokens for the
same host (if some unknown issues occur, for example).

### config\["max-tokens"\]

The integer number of tokens that should be held by Privacy Pass at any one
time.

### config\["var-reset"\]

A bool dictating whether the set of variables holding previous redemption
information should be reset (see resetVars() in background.js). We recommend
this is set to true, since these variables prevent tokens from being spent in
the future.

### config\["var-reset-ms"\]

The time intervals (ms) by which the variables from above are reset.

### config\["commitments"\]

Hex-encoded elliptic curve commitment values for verifying DLEQ proofs. These
essentially amount to public keys issued by the provider. The values of "G" and
"H" held in config\["commitments"\]\["dev"\] should be used for development
purposes. Those held in config\["commitments"\]\[<version>\] should be used in the
production environment.

### config\["spending-restrictions"\]

A JSON struct of restrictions for redeeming tokens

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["status-code"\]

An integer corresponding to the status code returned by the server. This HTTP
status code is checked before a redemption is initiated, for Cloudflare this
value is set to 403. That is, token redemptions can only occur after a HTTP
response with status code 403 is received. For hCaptcha the code is 200, however
only hCaptcha specific URLs are eligable for the spend.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["max-redirects"\]

An integer dictating the number of times that tokens should be spent after
requests have been redirected. That is, consider a HTTP response that Privacy
Pass deems suitable to initiate a redemption. This number indicates how may
redemption HTTP requests will be tolerated where the response from the server
results in HTTP redirection.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["new-tabs"\]

An array of strings indicating that the tab that is open corresponds to a new
tab (and thus token redemption should not occur).

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["bad-navigation"\]

An array of strings corresponding to chrome.webNavigation methods that indicate
navigation types where tokens should not be redeemed. In the case of Cloudflare,
this is limited to `auto_subframe` navigations that are not used for Cloudflare
CAPTCHAs.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["bad-transition"\]

Similar to above, except for transition types. For Cloudflare, we rule out
redemption requests when `server_redirect` is the transition type.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["valid-redirects"\]

An array of strings indicating the URL redirections that are tolerated when
tokens are being redeemed. For example, redemptions that upgrade HTTP
connections to HTTPS connections.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["valid-transitions"\]

An array of strings indicating the transition types that are definitely valid,
when considering whether redemption requests should be sanctioned.

### config\["spend-action"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to redeeming tokens.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["urls"\]

URLs that activate WebRequest listeners for redemption, "`<all_urls>`" corresponds to matching
all possible URLs.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["redeem-method"\]

A string that determines the method that token redemptions are handled.
Currently the only supported methods are `"reload"` and `"no-reload"``. `"reload"` method
redeemeds tokens by reloading the page and appending tokens to the subsequent
HTTP request. `"no-reload"` method sends tokens with the initial HTTP request that is supposed
to fetch the captcha itself.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["header-name"\]

The name of the header that contains a token for redemption.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["header-host-name"\]

The name of the header that contains a hostname that is sending the redemption request.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["header-path-name"\]

The name of the header that contains a path that is sending the redemption
request.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["empty-resp-headers"\]

If an empty set of response headers is received with the correct status code (as
defined in `config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["status-code"\]`) then this object
contains an array of strings that correspond to possible ways of acquiring the
headers. Currently we only support `"direct-request"`, which sends a direct
request to the same URL with a specific endpoint attached as defined in
`config\["opt-endpoints"\]\["challenge"\]`.

This option was introduced to mitigate problems with Chrome in conjunction with
sub-resources hosted on separate Cloudflare domains.

### config\["issue-action"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to issuing tokens.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["urls"\]

URLs that activate WebRequest listeners for issuance, "`<all_urls>`" corresponds to matching
all possible URLs.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["sign-reload"\]

A bool dictating whether the page should be reloaded after tokens are
successfully signed.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["sign-resp-format"\]

Format of the response (as a string) to a signing request. Currently, support
"string" or "json". When "string" is used, expect the signed tokens to be
included (base-64 encoded) in the HTTP response body in the form `signatures= ||
<signed-tokens> || <Batch-DLEQ-Resp>`. When "json" is used, expect the signed
tokens to be included (base-64 encoded) as a JSON struct with key: "signatures"
and value `<signed-tokens> || <Batch-DLEQ-Resp>`.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["tokens-per-request"\]

The integer number of tokens that should be sent with each signing request. For
Cloudflare, there is also a server-side upper bound of 100 tokens for each
signing request. We recommend that this is enforced to prevent unlimited numbers
of tokens being signed.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["request-identifiers"\]

An object containing optional identifying characteristics of requests. Requests
identified using these characteristics can be augmented with data required for
the issuance portion of the Privacy Pass protocol.

For example, the CF config (id=1) uses the following parameters:

- "query-param": for identifying requests based on the URL query parameters
- "body-param": for identifying requests based on HTTP request body parameters
- "post-processed": for identifying requests that have already been processed by
the WebRequest API

### config\["cookies"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to cookie management.

#### config\["cookies"\]\["check-cookies"\]

A boolean value that determines cookies should be checked before tokens are sent
for redemption. That is, a token is not redeemed if the browser has a clearance
cookie for the URL that redemption occurring for.

#### config\["cookies"\]\["clearance-cookie"\]

A string that specifies the specific name of the type of clearance cookie used
by the provider. In the case of Cloudflare, this is `"cf_clearance"`.

### config\["captcha-domain"\]

A string specifying a domain where users can obtain signed tokens by solving a
challenge/CAPTCHA. This is helpful to allow users to build up initial stockpiles
of tokens before they browse.

### config\["opt-endpoints"\]

Optional endpoints for use by the particular configuration.

### config\["error-codes"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to error codes.

#### config\["error-codes"\]\["verify-error"\]

String error code that the server returns if token redemption fails due to a
signature verification error.

#### config\["error-codes"\]\["connection-error"\]

String error code that the server returns if an internal connection error occurs
server-side.

### config\["h2c-params"\]

A JSON struct of parameters for the curve setting that the client uses. These
settings are sent to the server with all redemption requests.

#### config\["h2c-params"\]\["curve"\]

A string that defines the elliptic curve that is being used for mapping tokens
to. Currently we only support the NIST curve P256, this is represented by the
string "p256".

#### config\["h2c-params"\]\["hash"\]

The actual hash function that is used for hashing bytes to the base field of the
curve. Currently we only support the usage of the SHA256 hash function, using
the string "sha256".

#### config\["h2c-params"\]\["method"\]

The hash-to-curve method that is used for moving field elements to curve points.
If it is set to "increment" then we use the hash-and-increment method
that will be deprecated moving forward. If it is set to "swu", then we use the
affine version of the SWU algorithm implemented in h2c.js (see
\[HASH_TO_CURVE.md\](docs/HASH_TO_CURVE.md) for a description of the algorithm in
full).

### config\["send-h2c-params"\]

A boolean that determines whether the contents of config\["h2c-params"\] should
actually be sent to the server.

Commit message:

`Get more passes` url based on activeConfig (#142)
* Get more passes url based on activeConfig

* Set HC url

* Add docs

* Add tests, fix some annoying nits

* CI don't be sad

* Add tests for get-more-passes_url values

* Sort globals list

* extract cfDomain variable

docs/CONFIG.md, after:

# Privacy Pass configuration

Privacy Pass uses cryptographic tokens to bypass internet challenges from
certain providers. In this doc, we discuss the configuration file that Privacy
Pass uses for interpreting when tokens should be sent for signing/redemption.
See `src/ext/config.js` for an example configuration `exampleConfig`
describing the correct format of the JSON struct.

## config.js

Holds the various configurations as JavaScript JSON structs for the providers
that Privacy Pass interacts with. Currently, only the Cloudflare and hCaptcha configs are
active. There is an example config. In the following we will highlight how each config
field is used.

### config\["id"\]

A unique identifier highlighting which config is used. Currently cfConfig.id =
1 and hcConfig.id = 2, all other configs must be added with unique "id" values.

### config\["sign"\]

A bool dictating whether Privacy Pass should send tokens for signing.

### config\["redeem"\]

A bool dictating whether Privacy Pass should send tokens for redemption.

### config\["max-spends"\]

The integer number of tokens that should be redeemed per host in each
interaction. This prevents Privacy Pass from repeatedly spending tokens for the
same host (if some unknown issues occur, for example).

### config\["max-tokens"\]

The integer number of tokens that should be held by Privacy Pass at any one
time.

### config\["var-reset"\]

A bool dictating whether the set of variables holding previous redemption
information should be reset (see resetVars() in background.js). We recommend
this is set to true, since these variables prevent tokens from being spent in
the future.

### config\["var-reset-ms"\]

The time intervals (ms) by which the variables from above are reset.

### config\["commitments"\]

Hex-encoded elliptic curve commitment values for verifying DLEQ proofs. These
essentially amount to public keys issued by the provider. The values of "G" and
"H" held in config\["commitments"\]\["dev"\] should be used for development
purposes. Those held in config\["commitments"\]\[<version>\] should be used in the
production environment.

### config\["spending-restrictions"\]

A JSON struct of restrictions for redeeming tokens

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["status-code"\]

An integer corresponding to the status code returned by the server. This HTTP
status code is checked before a redemption is initiated, for Cloudflare this
value is set to 403. That is, token redemptions can only occur after a HTTP
response with status code 403 is received. For hCaptcha the code is 200, however
only hCaptcha specific URLs are eligable for the spend.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["max-redirects"\]

An integer dictating the number of times that tokens should be spent after
requests have been redirected. That is, consider a HTTP response that Privacy
Pass deems suitable to initiate a redemption. This number indicates how may
redemption HTTP requests will be tolerated where the response from the server
results in HTTP redirection.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["new-tabs"\]

An array of strings indicating that the tab that is open corresponds to a new
tab (and thus token redemption should not occur).

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["bad-navigation"\]

An array of strings corresponding to chrome.webNavigation methods that indicate
navigation types where tokens should not be redeemed. In the case of Cloudflare,
this is limited to `auto_subframe` navigations that are not used for Cloudflare
CAPTCHAs.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["bad-transition"\]

Similar to above, except for transition types. For Cloudflare, we rule out
redemption requests when `server_redirect` is the transition type.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["valid-redirects"\]

An array of strings indicating the URL redirections that are tolerated when
tokens are being redeemed. For example, redemptions that upgrade HTTP
connections to HTTPS connections.

#### config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["valid-transitions"\]

An array of strings indicating the transition types that are definitely valid,
when considering whether redemption requests should be sanctioned.

### config\["spend-action"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to redeeming tokens.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["urls"\]

URLs that activate WebRequest listeners for redemption, "`<all_urls>`" corresponds to matching
all possible URLs.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["redeem-method"\]

A string that determines the method that token redemptions are handled.
Currently the only supported methods are `"reload"` and `"no-reload"``. `"reload"` method
redeemeds tokens by reloading the page and appending tokens to the subsequent
HTTP request. `"no-reload"` method sends tokens with the initial HTTP request that is supposed
to fetch the captcha itself.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["header-name"\]

The name of the header that contains a token for redemption.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["header-host-name"\]

The name of the header that contains a hostname that is sending the redemption request.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["header-path-name"\]

The name of the header that contains a path that is sending the redemption
request.

#### config\["spend-action"\]\["empty-resp-headers"\]

If an empty set of response headers is received with the correct status code (as
defined in `config\["spending-restrictions"\]\["status-code"\]`) then this object
contains an array of strings that correspond to possible ways of acquiring the
headers. Currently we only support `"direct-request"`, which sends a direct
request to the same URL with a specific endpoint attached as defined in
`config\["opt-endpoints"\]\["challenge"\]`.

This option was introduced to mitigate problems with Chrome in conjunction with
sub-resources hosted on separate Cloudflare domains.

### config\["issue-action"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to issuing tokens.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["urls"\]

URLs that activate WebRequest listeners for issuance, "`<all_urls>`" corresponds to matching
all possible URLs.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["sign-reload"\]

A bool dictating whether the page should be reloaded after tokens are
successfully signed.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["sign-resp-format"\]

Format of the response (as a string) to a signing request. Currently, support
"string" or "json". When "string" is used, expect the signed tokens to be
included (base-64 encoded) in the HTTP response body in the form `signatures= ||
<signed-tokens> || <Batch-DLEQ-Resp>`. When "json" is used, expect the signed
tokens to be included (base-64 encoded) as a JSON struct with key: "signatures"
and value `<signed-tokens> || <Batch-DLEQ-Resp>`.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["tokens-per-request"\]

The integer number of tokens that should be sent with each signing request. For
Cloudflare, there is also a server-side upper bound of 100 tokens for each
signing request. We recommend that this is enforced to prevent unlimited numbers
of tokens being signed.

#### config\["issue-action"\]\["request-identifiers"\]

An object containing optional identifying characteristics of requests. Requests
identified using these characteristics can be augmented with data required for
the issuance portion of the Privacy Pass protocol.

For example, the CF config (id=1) uses the following parameters:

- "query-param": for identifying requests based on the URL query parameters
- "body-param": for identifying requests based on HTTP request body parameters
- "post-processed": for identifying requests that have already been processed by
the WebRequest API

### config\["cookies"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to cookie management.

#### config\["cookies"\]\["check-cookies"\]

A boolean value that determines cookies should be checked before tokens are sent
for redemption. That is, a token is not redeemed if the browser has a clearance
cookie for the URL that redemption occurring for.

#### config\["cookies"\]\["clearance-cookie"\]

A string that specifies the specific name of the type of clearance cookie used
by the provider. In the case of Cloudflare, this is `"cf_clearance"`.

### config\["captcha-domain"\]

A string specifying a domain where users can obtain signed tokens by solving a
challenge/CAPTCHA. This is helpful to allow users to build up initial stockpiles
of tokens before they browse.

### config\["get-more-passes-url"\]

A valid URL string specifying an url where users can get more signed tokens by solving a 
challange/CAPTCHA. This URL is pulled into the pop-up `Get more passes` menu item. 
Can be different from `captcha-domain`, and must be a valid URL with protocol specified.

### config\["opt-endpoints"\]

Optional endpoints for use by the particular configuration.

### config\["error-codes"\]

A JSON struct of configuration related to error codes.

#### config\["error-codes"\]\["verify-error"\]

String error code that the server returns if token redemption fails due to a
signature verification error.

#### config\["error-codes"\]\["connection-error"\]

String error code that the server returns if an internal connection error occurs
server-side.

### config\["h2c-params"\]

A JSON struct of parameters for the curve setting that the client uses. These
settings are sent to the server with all redemption requests.

#### config\["h2c-params"\]\["curve"\]

A string that defines the elliptic curve that is being used for mapping tokens
to. Currently we only support the NIST curve P256, this is represented by the
string "p256".

#### config\["h2c-params"\]\["hash"\]

The actual hash function that is used for hashing bytes to the base field of the
curve. Currently we only support the usage of the SHA256 hash function, using
the string "sha256".

#### config\["h2c-params"\]\["method"\]

The hash-to-curve method that is used for moving field elements to curve points.
If it is set to "increment" then we use the hash-and-increment method
that will be deprecated moving forward. If it is set to "swu", then we use the
affine version of the SWU algorithm implemented in h2c.js (see
\[HASH_TO_CURVE.md\](docs/HASH_TO_CURVE.md) for a description of the algorithm in
full).

### config\["send-h2c-params"\]

A boolean that determines whether the contents of config\["h2c-params"\] should
actually be sent to the server.
